README.md, before:

# **👋 Hello There, I'm [Natali Mizrahi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natali-mizrahi-43564020a/)**

✅ Recently completed several full-stack projects, including a real-time trivia app, a virtual pet motivation app, and a skill-exchange platform.

👩‍💻 All of my projects are available here on GitHub:  
https://github.com/NataliMizrahi

📝 I enjoy learning new technologies and improving my development skills every day.

💬 Ask me about Full-Stack development, UX/UI principles, or anything tech-related!



### **Connect with me**
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natali-mizrahi-43564020a/)



### **Languages and Tools**

[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://react.dev/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://nodejs.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.python.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.java.com/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://isocpp.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.mongodb.com/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://git-scm.com/)

Commit message:

Revise README with new details and links
Updated personal information and added connection options.

README.md, after:

# **👋 Hello There, I'm [Natali Mizrahi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natali-mizrahi-43564020a/)**

🚀 **Full Stack Developer** with a B.Sc. in Computer Science and hands-on experience in web development.

👩‍💻 All of my projects are available here on GitHub:  
**https://github.com/NataliMizrahi**

📝 I enjoy learning new technologies and improving my development skills every day.

💬 Ask me about Full-Stack development, UX/UI principles, or anything tech-related!

---

### **Connect with me**
<a href="mailto:natalimizrahi22@gmail.com"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/google/google-original.svg" width="40"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natali-mizrahi-43564020a/)

---

### **Languages and Tools**

[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://react.dev/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://nodejs.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.python.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.java.com/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://isocpp.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://www.mongodb.com/)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" width="40"/>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
[<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/>](https://git-scm.com/)
